Project Narratives

1.Give a description of your projects:
a. Why were you brought there initially?
b. (Mobile) What the current state of app and production environment upon your arrival?
c. (Mobile) What was the app and what does it do?
d. (Mobile) Who was the end user of the app?
e. (Mobile) What did you specifically implement feature wise in the app and how?
f. What percent of time did you lead and what percent of time did you code?
g. What challenges did you face in the production environment and in development and how did you address them? 
h. What was the size of the team and break down of roles?
i. How did you manage the day-to-day production environment, task management and tool, documentation standards? 
j. What was the testing environment like? What tools and practices were used to manage sound code?
k. What weekly standing meetings were present, who was present, and what was discussed? How did you run the scrum meeting?

2. define 2-3 major concepts of your actual, tangible contribution to the app and production environment  (assessing current state, level setting expectations, redefining processes and technologies, and addressing any existing bugs and perfecting/updating the existing code before moving onto new features)
IF - From scratch
a. The tools used to accomplish the requirements and making decisions related to this (data storage, data access, architecture, design, testing, driving the production environment)
b. Architecture awareness – Delve into your understanding and decision-making process around system architecture. Highlight any trade-offs or considerations you had to make and why
c. Layouts awareness - Discuss your approach to designing user interfaces or system layouts, ensuring that the end-user experience is seamless.  
d. Gathering requirements ability and having those meetings with stakeholders
e. What did you specifically implement feature wise and how
f. SDLC - share how you adhered to the Software Development Life Cycle, ensuring that all phases were effectively managed and executed
g. QA - Discuss any testing strategies employed, challenges faced, and how you ensured that the final product was free of critical bugs

IF - From Existing production environment
a. Quickly learning and combing through code base and other existing technologies used in production
b. Check the current reviews about the product and app based on end-user experience and work to improvement those
c. Looking through the crash logs and looking through any existing bugs in the back log to address
d. Looking through the entirety of the back log of tasks (if any) to come up with a plan based on priority to address throughout the SDLC (of course, keeping in mind the MVP)
e. Re-defining the production environment practices and coding style to best practice (OOP, for example) 

3. An example of technical failure in a production environment, why, how did you rectify, and what is your key learning from this to take forward into your future development practice?

Now - Tell us about this project.  (Why you were hired, status at the time, How did you work with your team to accomplish goal, skills/tech you used, issue resolved, what are the deliverables)

Can you answer all the following questions based on my past job experience